CONTRIBUTING.md: use git tag -a for release tags (#6143)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

- after tests and simulation have successfully completed, create the release branch `release/vX.XX.X` from the `RC` branch
- delete the `pre-rc/vX.X.X` and `RC` branches
- create a PR into `master` containing ONLY the CHANGELOG.md updates

> - tag (use `git tag -a`) and release `release/vX.XX.X`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tag (use `git tag -a`) then push the`release/vX.XX.X` branch & the tag (git push --tags)
```

> - tag (use `git tag -a`) then push the`release/vX.XX.X` branch & tag (git push --tags)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- tag (use `git tag -a`) then push the `release/vX.XX.X` branch & tag (`git push --tags`)
```
